Advanced Selectors lesson: Provide a link to documentation on CSS combinators (#25758)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/intermediate_css_concepts/advanced_selectors.md

Just like the descendant combinator, these selectors don't have any special specificity rules - their specificity score will just be made up of their component parts.

> You can also check out [the docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Combinators) on this to find out more about combinators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [MDN article on combinators](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Combinators) provides a good overview if you want to learn more about them.
```

I edited the sentence a bit to make the link more descriptive. What do you think of this wording?

Author: Yep! That works very well. I'll commit this.
